# BirthdayParadox
The birthday paradox says that the probability that two people in a room have the same birthday is more than half, provided n, the number of people in the room, is more than 23. This Java program test this paradox by a series of experiments on randomly generated birthdays, which test this paradox for n = 5,10,15,20,...,100


Execution result example:
```
number of people: 2 | result: false
number of people: 4 | result: false
number of people: 6 | result: false
number of people: 8 | result: false
number of people: 10 | result: false
number of people: 12 | result: false
number of people: 14 | result: true
number of people: 16 | result: false
number of people: 18 | result: false
number of people: 20 | result: true
number of people: 22 | result: false
number of people: 24 | result: false
number of people: 26 | result: true
number of people: 28 | result: true
number of people: 30 | result: true
number of people: 32 | result: false
number of people: 34 | result: true
number of people: 36 | result: true
number of people: 38 | result: false
number of people: 40 | result: true
number of people: 42 | result: true
number of people: 44 | result: true
number of people: 46 | result: true
number of people: 48 | result: false
number of people: 50 | result: true
number of people: 52 | result: true
number of people: 54 | result: true
number of people: 56 | result: true
number of people: 58 | result: true
number of people: 60 | result: true
number of people: 62 | result: true
number of people: 64 | result: true
number of people: 66 | result: true
number of people: 68 | result: true
number of people: 70 | result: true
number of people: 72 | result: true
number of people: 74 | result: true
number of people: 76 | result: true
number of people: 78 | result: true
number of people: 80 | result: true
number of people: 82 | result: true
number of people: 84 | result: true
number of people: 86 | result: true
number of people: 88 | result: true
number of people: 90 | result: true
number of people: 92 | result: true
number of people: 94 | result: true
number of people: 96 | result: true
number of people: 98 | result: true
number of people: 100 | result: true
```